hello everybody it's barbaric it's
I hope you are doing well
guys listen to me it's pretty good
three days ago I managed to
unlock but level 6 ball I
I'm media content guys actually
this is the first troop that I unlock
at the maximum level of the blow listen
look at it is I have the little flame
in the summer what color are we going to say yellow
orange here I honor hockey of the coup
I have a little yellow gold level women
6 next to my balloon so that's it
it's a little bit being listened to guys
I am very happy ok I know that
It's not terrible
ok guys from the shot actually yeah there are
three-four days I unlocked but
level 6 balloon and suddenly I got
launched in quite a lot of balls
servant and that's it I took a liking
to do well this attack there is what
I will do I will offer you a
little replay of an attack I did
this afternoon this is where she knows
this one ok so here I wanted
attack in balloon servant I saw that
when she ever break the town hall
external state of the blow in fact it was
a victory over after when I saw the
600000 Elixir 300000 Gold 2000 Loot
excess black I thought ok the
I'm attacking
are we getting his bonuses after good
he had two towers of hell in his
village with yeah actually they had
defenses we will not say max and but
good already that good after it's true that
it's a city hall say so
it's normal that his face is beefy
listen to the guys hop this is it
gone I thought everything but balloon at
level of his town hall for already
smashed all the defenses all
simply and
the tower of the two towers of
hell so that after my heroes can
progress
so here I combined that with spell of
rage a care spell anyway for not
that my balloons say lasts that a few
seconds
that's good am I going to have
a lot of resources that's the question
that we ask ourselves and guys it's for this
for that you're here you way we are we
is aware
yeah then guys here are my millions
are inside the village
after problem is that you did not have
very strong and who has an entire ian
still who is alive as soon as he starts
to the beams and and that here are my heroes
have decided to go outside the
village simply
good suddenly here I will not over
a lot of them finally gets if I would have
still a lot of resources but
I did not have the full resources
available
there we can see that it is godmother
dead marrainer and that means the end
of the attack but good guys 300000
delirious but 500 black dexter after good
only one hundred thousand one hundred thousand gold
but I say to myself 50% of the time 22 22
extra trophies of the coup it's
cool i'm i'm little bit of
subway rush done i'm not fit no
more right now I'm doing attacks
for fun and precisely game I like
do well attacks like that try
to have some loot but to win
also to put a little challenge in
done in my attacks and so that's it
I am very happy
to have realized that in my
laboratory of the blow as I said
just now but servant are in
go to level 4
it cost 30 thousand black dexia if I
do not cheat and
here in three days they are finished and
I will immediately launch my
servants level 5
I would like the mac is like that
to see what a balloon looks like
servant max is good after that's true
that it is not immediately
time that improvements are made to
every time it takes time
but I think wayne in two three
weeks why not I'll have I would have
due servant ball max and finally from
so let's not hope that's
the guys you know me I'll have in
two three weeks but swing
max england and that's listen guys
it's going to be the end of the video I hope
it will please you do not hesitate to
subscribe and comment my videos to
tell me what's what will not it me
is always pleased to have your
news in the comments of the coup
Guys I wish you a good
evening and see you next time
ciao the guys